feat: merge renderer protocol (#4575)
decentraland/unity-renderer: docs/how-to-renderer-protocol.md

## What?

The Renderer Protocol consists of messages that are sent between the [Browser Interface](http://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/tree/dev/browser-interface) and the [Renderer](http://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/tree/dev/unity-renderer). These messages are defined in the [Renderer Protocol] folder (http://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/tree/dev/renderer-protocol) using the proto3 format.

## Types of messages

The message exchange is defined by RPC calls, which are bi-directional Services. For example, the `Renderer` can call the `Browser Interface` using a `KernelService`, or the `Browser Interface` can call the `Renderer` using a `RendererService`.

## How to add a message

> To add a message to the Renderer Protocol, you must first modify the [Renderer Protocol](https://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/tree/dev/renderer-protocol)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add a message to the Renderer Protocol, you must first add it to the [protocol definition](https://github.com/decentraland/unity-renderer/tree/dev/renderer-protocol)
```
